Add CrowdStrike Falcon Sensor Helm chart (#82)
rancher/partner-charts: packages/falcon-sensor/overlay/app-readme.md

# CrowdStrike Falcon

> The [CrowdStrike Falcon](https://www.crowdstrike.com/) platform is purpose-built to stop breaches
> via a unified set of cloud-delivered technologies that prevent all types of attacks — including
> malware and much more.
> 
> For more information, please visit [https://www.crowdstrike.com](https://www.crowdstrike.com)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CrowdStrike Container Security comes complete with vulnerability management, continuous
threat detection and response, and runtime protection, combined with compliance
enforcement and automated continuous integration/continuous delivery (CI/CD) pipeline security, enabling
DevOps teams to stay secure while building in the cloud.

For more information, please visit [https://www.crowdstrike.com/cloud-security-products/falcon-cloud-workload-protection/](https://www.crowdstrike.com/cloud-security-products/falcon-cloud-workload-protection/)
```

Author: @shawndwells can you please open a ticket and address this upstream?

Author: This has been fixed upstream

# CrowdStrike Falcon

> [Falcon](https://www.crowdstrike.com/) is the [CrowdStrike](https://www.crowdstrike.com/)
> platform purpose-built to stop breaches via a unified set of cloud-delivered
> technologies that prevent all types of attacks — including malware and much
> more.
> 
> For more information, please visit [https://www.crowdstrike.com](https://www.crowdstrike.com)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CrowdStrike Falcon platform purpose-built to stop breaches via a unified set of cloud-delivered
technologies that prevent all types of attacks — including malware and much more.

For more information, please visit [https://www.crowdstrike.com](https://www.crowdstrike.com)
```

Author: fixed
